hello movie fans and welcome back to
another full movie recap with movie
reveals in today's video we're going to
break down the brilliant fantasy sci-fi
action movie called the chronicles of
riddick
warning guys spoiler alert yes i'm
afraid i'm going to spill the beans
about what the movie is about but that's
half the fun of my recaps at least you
can then decide whether you want to
watch the whole movie or not i am pretty
sure that if you haven't seen this movie
you'll definitely want after this recap
in the opening scenes we learn of an
evil race of warriors known as the
necromongers led by the lord marshall is
sweeping across the galaxy destroying
entire planets on their way to their
promised land called underverse their
only weakness is a race of people called
furions which they wiped out long ago
riddick is the last surviving furion in
the universe in the next opening scene a
long-haired riddick is running across
the snowy surface of planet 6 in the uv
system as a merc named tombs and his
crew pursue riddick in their ship the
merc flies after riddick into a cave
where riddick proceeds to kill the crew
of the ship saving tombs for last
riddick finds out that the bounty for
his head is 1.5 million dollars and was
made by someone on the planet hellion
prime
riddick throws tombs off of the ship and
flies off to helium prime
on hellion prime we find a bounty was
made by the same man riddick saved from
the planet in pitch black five years ago
by the way don't worry you don't need to
have seen that movie to enjoy this one
imam has a beautiful wife now and a
young daughter the man explains to
riddick that he had jack slash jackie
the gender confused girl from pitch
black in his care and then she ran away
looking for riddick and she killed some
people and is now residing in a prison
on the planet crematoria a ghost-like
person aryan shows up at a man's house
and explains to riddick what the
necromancers can do
and that they need his help
just then we see that helly and prime
guards are trying to break down a man's
doors because he has an escaped convict
in there
they break through and find riddick in a
dark room with just candles lit he then
says i hope you're not afraid of the
dark and then burns out the candles with
his hands and kills all the guards
thanks to his night vision eyes
we then see the necromancer ships
landing on helium prime the necromongers
storm out of their ships killing
everything in sight they find a man in
his family and a man leads the guards
away from his family and they kill him
in what looks like the town hall the
necromonitors have gathered all the
remaining people in a town hall
and there we meet the four main
necromara leaders lord marshall a
purifier vacco and voco's wife dame
vacco the purifier explains to all the
people that if they don't convert to the
necromancer away they will all be killed
lord marshall then tells all those who
want to join the necromancer way to bow
down one townsman speaks out and says
they will not bow down to him
marshall approaches the man and becomes
a ghost-like form and takes out the
man's soul the man falls dead to the
floor everyone bows down except for
riddick
vacco approaches riddick and tells him
to bow or die riddick points out a huge
muscular soldier with two axes and says
he'd like to take him on the soldier
ergun who was responsible for killing a
man approaches riddick and swings his
axes at him
riddick grabs a man's knife still stuck
in irvine's armor and stabs him with it
lord marshall claims that was his best
man
lord marshall has deemed vacco take
riddick back to the main ship
riddick is now on the main ship and he
sees all the townspeople being converted
when you're converted they make a hole
in your neck lord marshall tells this
machine to run a test on riddick to see
what race he is from the machine starts
screaming that riddick is a furion and
that they must kill him now
riddick shoots his way out of the ship
back onto the helium prime surface
we see a necromancer battleship chasing
riddick through the streets we then see
rockets hitting the battleship sending
it crashing to the ground
we find out the rockets came from tomb's
new crew of mercs the capture riddick
and taken back to toonship
we see lord marshall ordering vocko to
personally track down renek and kill him
vacco asks why he needs riddick dead so
badly marshall explains that in a vision
he was told he would be killed by fury
and riddick is the only fury left
we then see dame vacco talking to vaco
telling him that ivako killed marshall
he would automatically become the new
king
vodka ponders this thought and then
heads out in search of riddick riddick
wakes up and chains on tomb's ship they
say they're going to turn riddick over
to a prison planet and collect the money
on his head
riddick suggests they go to a prison on
the planet crematoria where jack slash
jackie is being held
we find out that crematoria is a planet
that if you step onto the surface will
burst into flames and die because of the
heat
the ship lands in a hangar on crematoria
tombs and his men take riddick on a
little train to the underground prison
of crematoria prison director invites
tombs and his crew to stay overnight
there so they can discuss the amount of
money he will be paying for riddick as
they are talking riddick is wandering
around the prison looking for jack slash
jackie he finds her she tells him that
she befriended some mercs and they took
her in as a slave she killed them and
got sent here
she says she no longer goes by jack
slash jackie but now her name is kyra
riddick tells her that they are going to
escape from here we see the sun's
pattern on the surface and how it works
ever so often there is shade then the
sun comes back and burns up everything
in sight
after a long discussion tombs and his
crew don't agree with the prison
director on how much money they're being
paid for riddick they end up killing
each other and die
riddick releases a bunch of the
prisoners and explains they're going to
have to travel on the surface to get
back to tom's ship
we find out that they are racing a bunch
of mercs who are traveling underground
to get to the same ship on the surface
they run to the hangar when they get
there they see a small army of
necromongers led by voko at the hangar
the hangar doors open and the mercs
engage in gunfire against the
neckermongers as riddick and kyra watch
from the mountains they turn around and
see the sun's rays closing in on them
they run down the mountain and join the
battle
kyra is knocked out by one of the
necromongers and taken prisoner onto
their ship riddick is shot by voko and
he lies out in the open as the sun's
rays burn riddick up
voko and the necromancers leave with
kyra riddick wakes up in the hangar he
notices he is not alone as the purifier
is there with him
the purifier is removing all of his
necromancer armor and explains to
riddick that he was also once a furion
he leaves riddick all of his armor and
walks into the sun's rays burning him up
and he dies riddick steals tomb's ship
and flies it back to helium prime
wearing necromancer armor on the
necromancer ship dame vocko sees that
riddick is on board because she saw his
glowing eyes through the armor she runs
back to vaca and informs him that
riddick is on board she tells him to let
riddick almost kill marshall and then
kill marshall so vaca will become the
new king of the necromongers
riddick finds lord marshall in the
throne room and tries to stab him from
behind but vacco uses his ghost-like
abilities to teleport to somewhere else
marshall then shows riddick the new and
improved kaira she has a hole in her
neck and has been converted to the
necromancer necromongers form a circle
around riddick and marshall as they
begin to fight
every time riddick swings at marshall he
teleports somewhere else but you could
always see where he's going to teleport
because the ghost form of him moves
there first and then marshall follows
marshall tackles riddick to the ground
and tries to remove his soul
kyra runs in and stabs marshall in the
back marshall hits kyrah backwards
impaling her onto a pole killing her
vocko then steps in with a huge axe
marshall asks voko to finish riddick off
for him but voko moves towards marshall
vacco raises the axe to marshall's head
and marshall's ghost form teleports over
to riddick as vocal brings the axe down
and misses riddick takes a knife and
stabs it down into marshall's head and
breaks off the handle reddick falls back
into lord marshall's throne
aryan approaches riddick and tells him
you keep what you kill we pan out as we
see all the necromongers bowed down to
riddick on his new throne as he is now
the new leader of the necromongers the
end
if you like this video share some love
and hit the like button also don't
forget to subscribe and feel free to
comment thanks for watching see you
again soon